You are so despicable
How dare you attack the relatives of the Supreme
I said I dared to kill my brother
I will bury his family with him
You are really despicable
But in the face of your despicable
You think I might be defenseless?
Unexpectedly, it was advanced
They moved your parents to another place
I didn't just put my parents elsewhere
And I also asked the entire Peerless Army to be dispatched
Now you, the fourth brother of the Zhao family, are only in my favor
Ah what
My Zhao family was uprooted by the Peerless Army
Assets shrank by 90%
today
I will use the fate of your Zhao family to go to the world
My Peerless Army
unparalleled